feat(curriculum): add Block 24 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#60633)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-common-phrasal-verbs-and-idioms/68487799a04eca4d06dfbdb5.md

---
id: 68487799a04eca4d06dfbdb5
title: Task 5
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-5
---

<!-- (Audio) Brian: Absolutely, Anna. It's crucial that we iron out these details soon. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Absolutely, Anna. It's crucial that we BLANK out these details soon.`

## --blanks--

> `iron`

Reviewer: I'd use `iron out` for this blank, similar reason as task-1.

> `iron`

Author: ```suggestion
`iron out`
```

### --feedback--

> Followed by `out`, this means to fix small problems or disagreements through discussion.

Author: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means to fix small problems or disagreements through discussion.
```
